=============================================================================
			    SEQEDIT History File
		 Copyright (c) 1994-95 Q Studios Corporation
			    Contact: Peter Freese
		    pfreese@qstudios.com or CIS:74170,543
=============================================================================

KEYBOARD FUNCTIONS:

	Esc		Exit the editor
	F2		Save
	Ctrl F2		Save As
	F3		Load

	Enter		Play the sequence continuously
	Space		Play the sequence once
	Caps Lock	Draw tiles unmasked (while pressed)
	1/2		Go backward/forward one frame
	-/+		Change ticks per frame by ñ1
	< >		Change view angle by 45 degrees
	/		Set view angle to 0
	Insert		Insert a new frame
	Ctrl Insert	Insert a new frame before the current one
	Delete		Delete the current frame
	B		Toggle Blocking
	F		Toggle trigger Firing
	H		Toggle Hitscan
	S		Toggle Smoke
	T		Cycle between translucency levels 0, 1, and 2
	P		Change Palookup by +1
	Alt P		Select Palookup via dialog
	V		Change tile for frame
	Pad +/-		Change shade ñ1
	Ctrl Pad +/-	Set shade to min/max
	Pad 0		Set shade to 0
	Alt Pad +/-	Change relative global shade
	Page Up/Down	Change tile by ñ1
	O 		Nudge global origin
	O LMouse	Drag global origin

These key modify the art file:

			Nudge tile origin
	Shift 	Set tile origin to respective edge
	Shift Pad 5	Set tile origin to center
	W		Change tile vieW type
	O Ctrl		Move Origin and adjust all frame offsets


Frame flag legend:

	F	Fire a trigger
	S	Smoke tsprite
	T	Mostly translucent
	t	Partially translucent
	B	Blocking
	H	Hitscan
	R	Remove when done
	L	Loop when done

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

95/06/13

This document created.

The global origin (adjusted with the "O" key) affects only where tiles are
displayed while you are editing.

You have the option to save adjustments to tile origins when you exit.

You cannot yet save, load, or play sequences, but you can try out the editing
features.

I'm releasing this program now in an incomplete state because it's extremely
useful for adjusting tile origins (much better than editart).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

95/07/13

Somehow, I think I lost a revision to this text file. I'll document the
information I lost again. The list of keyboard functions above is fairly self
explanatory except for a few small items.

Global shade is an editor concept which allows you to see how the sequence
will look when it is played for a sprite in a sector with a non-zero shade.
In other words, a dark sector might have a floor shade of 12, for example, so
by setting the global shade to 12 you can see how the sequence would look in
that sector. Setting global shade to a dark value also gives you the ability
to see the difference in shade for sequence frames that have shades < 0.

The status bar on the bottom of the screen has two parts. The left part (in
yellow) describes the current frame:

	1023 VIEW: SINGLE T:0 B:1 H:0 SH: -8 PAL: 0

The first number is the tile number in the current frame.

View is the view type of the current tile. Remember, if you change the view
type, you are modifying the art file, since view mode is a tile attribute.

T, B, and H are the frames translucency, blocking, and hitscan flags,
respectively.

SH is the shade of the current frame.

PAL is the palookup for the current frame.

The right part of the status line (in light gray) gives information about the
sequence and the display mode:

	SH: 16 ANG:  45 FR:  1/ 8 TPF: 16

SH is the global shade. This is only relevent to the display of the
sequence in the editor. It is not saved with the sequence.

ANG is the current angle from which the sequence is being viewed. This is
only relevent if your are using non single view tiles.

FR indicates the current frame and the total number of frames.

TPF is the Ticks Per Frame for the sequence. Each ticks is 1/120th of a
second, and lower numbers mean faster playback. You can calculate frame
rate by dividing TPF into 120. For example 12 TPF would result in 10 frames
per second, and 5 TPF would result in 24 frames per second.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

95/07/27

Loading a sequence now sets the current frame index to 0.

You can no longer play a 0 length sequence.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

95/11/08

New version!  Run slut to convert all your sequences.

SeqEdit now supports multiple levels of translucency.  The new level is the
mostly opaque view.

You can specify which frames fire off a trigger to the callback function with
the "F" key.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

96/02/05

You can now use the Caps Lock key to cause tiles to be displayed unmasked.
This is useful to check the size of the various tiles to make sure dudes don't
bounce.
